Dad wait don't call me mom
Our Gu family's face has been lost by you
As a wealthy lady, you go to the food stall to smash
You shameless
My mom still wants face
There's nothing shameful about me working part-time to make money
My Gu family is now a wealthy family of Qinzhou Haichen
My son is the senior leader of the black gold group
Dividends are in the hundreds of millions every year.
People like you who are not on the table are not worthy of my son at all
Here you go 500,000
Get out of the house
Mom, what do you mean?
It took my son only three years
It developed the story group on the verge of bankruptcy into one of the best enterprises in Qinzhou
What else do you have besides embarrassing our Gu family?
Do you know that the Gu family is all thanks to you today?
Your Mr. Wang
Could it be that you are still the chairperson behind the black gold group?
When the chairperson of the Black Gold Group saw me, he had to lower his eyebrows and kowtow
Ouch Ye Ninghai
I don't have time to listen to you bragging here
Listen now
If you want a divorce, you can make time
Ask me in person
My brother is not at home
Anyway, you have to sign this divorce agreement today
You have to sign
Are you serious?
Be gentle
You are great too
You are not allowed to go anywhere until you sign today
Leprechaun, are you hot?
What are you doing?
Wife, why are you here?
Wife, go out